industry is one of the most
extraordinary plant medicine it's one
animal that I don't need to sneak up on
boo this extraordinary creature is half
blind half deaf and this is just about
as fast as it can move that's what can
happen to you if you live on nothing but
leaves it's a slice it's not exactly an
enthusiastic leaf eater a couple of
half-hearted chews and the leaves go
straight down to its stomach leaves
however are not easily digested the
sleds technique is to give them time
then eventually this mobile compost heap
pulls itself together and starts on a
long and dangerous journey this is a
very unusual sight a sloth in a hurry
it wants to defecate and the only place
it's happy doing that oddly enough is
down on the ground it only does it about
once a week but why does it come down to
the ground to do it and why does it
nearly always choose to do so in exactly
the same place whatever the reason it
must be very important for a sloth on
the ground is almost helpless any
predator could attack it and it doesn't
have the speed to escape why it comes
down in this way is a mystery nobody
knows
now he's finished and vacuu goes up to
the safety
leaves are not very nutritious the
South's way of compensating for that is
not to eat more but to do less its claws
hook over the branches so that the sloth
can hang without any effort of its
muscles which have been reduced to thin
rhythms and to save energy it spends
most of its time hanging around half
asleep in the treetops so with very
little muscle and a reaction time only a
quarter as fast as ours how does a sloth
today compared with our dough in the
time it takes me to write a few letters
the stairs just about manages to groom
itself while we have our lunch the stone
nibbles ofili's and then as we form a
sequence for the series each time
you